cinema synopses spoiler alert in Russia
media covers Tony Stark's disclosure of
his identity as Iron Man Ivan Vanko
whose father Anton Vanko has just died
sees the news report and begins building
a miniature arc reactor similar to
Starks six months later stark is a
superstar and uses his Iron Man suit for
peaceful means resisting government
pressure to sell his designs I am Iron
Man
the shootin iron r1 he re Institute's
the stark Expo to continue his father
Howard's legacy welcome back to the
stark Expo the Palladium core in the arc
reactor that keeps stark alive and
powers the armor is slowly poisoning him
blood toxicity 24% and he cannot find a
substitute and not conserved as a viable
replacement for the Palladium core
growing increasingly reckless and
despondent about his impending death
unfortunately the device that's keeping
you alive is also coming and choosing
not to tell anyone about his condition
Stark appoints his personal assistant
Pepper Potts CEO of Stark Industries and
hires Stark employee Natalie rushman to
replace her as his personal assistant
start competes in the Monaco historic
Grand Prix where he is attacked in the
middle of the race by vivanco who wields
electrified whips
stark dawns is marked five armor and
defeats bunker but the suit is severely
damaged
Vanko explains his intention was to
prove to the world that Iron Man is not
invincible impressed by vanko's
performance Stark's rival Justin Hammer
fakes bonkers death while breaking him
out of prison and asks him to build a
line of armored suits to upstage Stark
during what stark believes is his final
birthday party if this was your last
birthday party how would you celebrate
it start gets trunked while wearing the
mark before suit disgusted US Air Force
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes dawn
starts mark to prototype armor and tries
to restrain it you might be the war
machine took your Shepard fight and
Dennis film it so Rhoads confiscates the
mark two for the US Air Force Nick Fury
director of shield approaches Stark
revealing rushman to be agent Natasha
Romanoff and that Howard Stark was a
shield founder whom fury knew personally
that thing in your chest is based on
unfinished technology he was about to
kick off an energy race something big
theory explains that vanko's father
jointly invented the arc reactor with
stark but when Anton tried to sell it
for profit Anton saw it as a way to get
rid Stark
howdy had him deported the Soviets and
Anton to the gulag hammer is called to
equip the mark 2 and Rhodes requests
that it be fully weaponized with all of
the weapons that hammer brings I think
I'll take it all of it fury gives Stark
some of his father's old material a
hidden message in the diorama of the
1974 stark Expo what is and always will
be my greatest creation
proves to be a diagram of the structure
of a new element what is it you'll try
to achieve something
rediscover new element with the aid of
his computer Jarvis Stark synthesizes it
punching maximum power when he learns
Vanko is still alive sound pretty
sprightly for dead gun
he places the new element in his arc
reactor and ends his palladium
dependency at the expo hammer unveils
fonkoze armored drones led by Rhodes and
a heavily weaponized version of the mark
2 armor stark arrives in the March 6
armor to warn Rhodes
he's working venom but Vanko remotely
takes control because both the drones
and Rhodes his armor and attacks Ironman
hammer is arrested while romanov and
Stark's bodyguard happy Hogan go after
van Gogh at hammers factory I got him
Banco escapes he's gone
but Romanoff returns control of the mark
2 armor stark and Rhodes together
defeat Bunco and his drone
nice Bunco seemingly commits suicide by
blowing up his at a debriefing fury
informed stark that because of Starks
difficult personality and textbook
narcissism shield intends to use him
only as a consultant you can't afford me
Stark and Rhodes receive medals for
their heroism
in a post-credits scene SHIELD agent
Phil Coulson reports the discovery of
Thor's hammer Manya at the bottom of a
crater in a desert in New Mexico
keep watching to see some great Easter
eggs and cameos in Iron Man 2
when first talking with Senator Stern
Tony Stark says he would gladly accept
the position of Secretary of Defense but
I'll consider Secretary of Defense of
last night in the comics Tony Stark
actually was appointed the Secretary of
Defense near the end of Tony Stark's
fight with Rhodes he says you might be
the war machine this is an homage to war
machine Rhodes a superhero alias in the
comics the character of Ivan Vanko is a
combination of Iron Man's enemy the
Crimson Dynamo dr. Vanko
who wears weaponry and armor that can
control electricity and the supervillain
whiplash who possesses a specially
designed razor and acid whip in addition
the character is portrayed as the son of
Anton Vanko who was the original Crimson
Dynamo in the comics the part of Tony
Stark getting drunk at his birthday in
the film is an homage to the comics
where Stark has a recurring problem with
alcoholism what is it you'll try to
achieve Tony Stark's artificial
intelligence Jarvis
stands for just a rather very
intelligent system when Tony Stark asks
Natalie rushman if she actually speaks
Latin
do you speak Latin she responds with the
phrase is a quote from Lucio nao Seneca
meaning the appearances of things are
deceptive this clever
alludes to her job as a spy to deceive
other people
[Music]